oh honey honey tell them the story about
your patient who thinks things are like
other things you know so like when the
phone rings and she takes a shower
that's pretty much it but you tell it
really well soon okay now go away so we
can talk about you
okay I'll miss you okay great
he's so cute and he seems to like you so
much I know I know so sweet
um so complicated you know in first
shrink she's not to shrink II so you
think you'll do it on his couch oh I
don't know I don't know I think that's a
little weird yeah it's vinyl
okay rock hard place me yeah yeah
you're so funny it's really funny I
wouldn't want to be there when when the
laughter stops whoa whoa back up there
Sparky
what did you mean by that
hmm ah just seems as though that maybe
you have intimacy issues
no that you use your humor as a way of
keeping people at a distance huh
I mean hey I just met you I don't know
you from Adam only child right parents
divorced before you hit puberty
uh-huh how did you know that it's
textbook no come on up
oh good Raj is here what's the matter
with Raj that's nothing it's a little
thing hey I hate that guy
well so he was a little analytical
that's what he does
you know but he's not that bad you see
that's where you're wrong why would I
marry her if I thought on any level that
that she was a lesbian maybe you wanted
your marriage to fail huh why why would
I why why why I don't know maybe maybe
low self-esteem
maybe maybe to compensate for
overshadowing a sibling maybe you go
back to that sibling thing well I don't
know it's conceivable that you wanted to
sabotage your marriage so that the
sibling would feel like less of a
failure in the eyes of the parents
that's that's ridiculous I don't feel
guilty for her failure oh so you think
I'm a failure isn't he good yeah
that's not what I was saying you know
what I mean all these years I thought
you're on my side but maybe what you
were doing was sucking up to mom and dad
so they keep liking you better hey I
married a lesbian to make you look good
you're right daddy you're right it
wasn't just the weebles but it was the
Weibull play Palace the weebles cruise
ship Oh what which had this little
lifeboat for the weebles to wobble it
that's tough tough stuff come on Pheebs
we're gonna catch that movie we gotta
get going okay you better Rachel please
we're gonna be late okay listen thanks
for everything Mon no problem listen
guys it was great seeing you again come
on easy on those cookies okay remember
they're just food they're not love
hate that guy